- Write your comments about the existing layout and suggest improvements.

Overall Performance
1. Labels should be added for Jokers
2. Change the similar hues of the blue color to different colors for the Online Payment Share,
   Mobile Share percentages and Order Failure Rate on the second graph so they can be easily readable.
3. Switch lines to bars for the basket as it is in the graph on the top.
4. Cuisine parent should be added as the dynamic title.
5. Scorecards should also have a comparison indication versus last year.


Performance Geo
1. Jokers are missing
2. Poli=null, it should exist in the data and should be investigated.
3. All metrics that appear on the Overall Performance report should be 
  also included in Performance GEO reports: Orders, Average Basket, Mobile Share, Order Failure, Acquisition, Jokers, Jokers Share


In addition, the revenue missing from the two reports should be included.



- What is the outcome you gained from these slides?

In the first week of the year, 5632 orders took place for the chosen Cuisine parent which is not visible.
The avr basket is at 14.64 euros, around 60% of the customers paid online and around 86% of the customers used their mobile to place the order.
The order failure is small and relatively steady during the week.

The basket is a bit bigger during holidays 1-2 and 6th Jan. Probably the orders do not include breakfast and coffee with small amount since people are not at work.
Also, the number of orders is much less these days vs the rest of the weekdays which is expected since people have family dinners or visit restaurants these days. 

Performance Geo
The basket looks to get smaller in comparison to the previous period except for Potlemaida and Korinthos 
while the number of orders is increased for Athens, Thessaloniki, Rhodes, Volos, and Kozani, which means that 
small amount orders are increased more than other orders. 
Small orders could be related to Breakfast cuisine which includes coffee and savories. Maybe that is why Marketing is focusing on Breakfast loyalty.
Finally, Kozani looks like needs to be further investigated due to a 68.8% orders increase vs last year (I  assume the comparison is to last year)
while the avg basket is decreased by -8.96%.
